everyone Travis here on the second day
of groups with covers presented by
mobile it exciting right now by nine
five seven as well as Lexi's going to
help translate nine five seven take me
through that match and you know why do
you think you were able to win so
decisively the mocha and the Molina will
get almond to hate your shadow to pitch
our mother home it's how we used to be I
thought your talent get home and see
videos yet 2.2 the hot super hot so
they're bottling actually gave us a lot
of opportunities to exploit we gank them
and then they died and then we just kept
pushing tower and we actually pushed a
couple towers with those kills super
straightforward it sounds like I'm gonna
ask you before I came over here and
before world started many of the Western
analysts seemed to have a hard time
deciding about team w/e many said your
team is the best from China some said
not so much I'm very curious what do you
think the show $19 up a Meccano Tony
Asher Zebulun top you today with
astronaut use hero to share up healthy
town to shore to shelter child every day
Nani Korean women don't you got my drawn
panel can enjoy something car as the
assassin kind of impurity to singsong
voice okay yeah to what miss your mother
Travis Rice I'm gonna miss you mother J
so I feel like my team we can be really
really good when we want to be and we
can also be very very bad well not that
we want to be but we can also be really
bad so sometimes we can win very great
games and sometimes they can lose very
weird games too it's funny you say that
because I just interviewed TSM's ad
carry doublelift and he said he heard
from people that team w E is either the
best or the worst and I'm very curious
when you played TSM do you think you
will be the best or the worst
besides - RTS and the EDC SS - assuming
it sure so taxing sure
WT will not yarmulke - beat em okay Toby
so Travis venetie Jordan Tech 90s I'm
too drunk or on downed Roja pushing him
into a challenge on time now I should
switch have a drawn panel they kind done
thank you don't have a father
it really depends on how I'm feeling
that day okay okay well we'll find out I
guess and certainly North America fans
will be fascinated to hear how you're
feeling
also speaking about team w YZ
performance there those analysts in the
West who said team w is the best during
plans they said team w e is sandbagging
I'm curious if there's a Chinese word
for sandbagging but were is there any
chance that you were sandbagging in
plans say no hondo ohnaka me to show the
real management side Ruben Tejada had
shown him encouragement even sideways I
don't know Shapiro function milk how
hard children did dude I know what your
Ruis i- she's totally dominant to
saturation too much which is thomas lee
has a simple solo I don't think we were
sandbagging also I think that with play
ins all the group all the teams that
were actually at plans are the best the
strongest from their own regions so all
the mastery really strong teams
very interesting now I'd also like to
ask you because you mentioned that team
w YZ
maybe not always consistent are there
any habits or rituals or practices that
you go through or that the team goes
through before your games to help
prepare mindset nuclear and a puck was
tap utility with the hawk with eyesight
she and the hearts of my children beyond
that yeah don't drown her mo
since hunter maybe Pyo ha
mayor thought to tell you though that a
second was it so really besides our pick
and bans strategies we don't do anything
special and I know that you like to play
Morgana and I am very curious if this
meta do you think that at Worlds you
will be able to play Morgan at all to
the current Joshua you hunt a Morgana
Tribune and Judah
that is just had a Hanuman Morgan AMA ma
to come conduct yeah Sanjana wah hota
when no see that's a Pamela Judah Sunday
what can I have for her so he probably
cannot is it with Morgana
he actually first played first played
Morgana when he first started being a
pro so that was like three four years
ago um and with this meta he thinks it's
gonna be very hard to bring work on a
top lane well unfortunate because I'm
sure a lot of fans would love to see it
finally do you have anything that you
would like to say to any of the Western
fans especially those fans that are
maybe they like your team but then
there's also TSM and they liked yes
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there
you're much more I sent out the payment
ribbon laQuan don't even Hadouken don't
even say yes I'm the pizza they may
control facility in Kyla oh yeah I said
it so many times so I see I think our
Western fans are really cute and thank
you for supporting us very good well
thank you so much for the interview and
Thank You Lexi for translating for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things worlds
right here on my youtube channel
hey there I hope you enjoyed the
interview thanks so much for supporting
at my worlds coverage and if you'd like
to support me even more please check out
mobile dicks my sponsor they are all
about helping you figure out your
strengths and weaknesses so that you can
get better at your game if you'd like to
go check them out at mobile xgg / Travis
thanks so much